Add `vercel` to the is-a.dev docs (#34)
is-a-dev/docs: src/docs/vercel/index.md

# Setting up Vercel with is-a.dev subdomain

This guide will walk you through the process of setting up a Vercel site and pointing your is-a.dev subdomain to it.

## Make sure you have a Vercel site.
If you haven't made a Vercel site, make sure to make one. Follow the instructions in [Vercel's Docs](https://vercel.com/docs/getting-started-with-vercel).

## Creating the domain files.
First, go to your Vercel dashboard, then go to your project, then go to Custom Domains and put in there the is-a.dev subdomain you want.

> **You will need to make two files to ensure this proccess goes smoothly**. We will go in order for this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You will need to make two files to ensure this process goes smoothly**. We will go in order for this section.
```

1. Make a file for Vercel TXT verification.

> When connecting the domain, you will be greeted with a TXT verification. To make the file for this one it should be `_vercel.subdomain.json` in the **domains directory** (replace subdomain with the domain you want of course) and the file should be like this (You can leave email field blank as long as you have another social, but **DON'T REMOVE THE FIELD**.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting the domain, you will be greeted with a TXT verification string. To make the file for this one the TXT record should be placed in `_vercel.subdomain.json` in the **domains directory** (replace subdomain with the domain you want of course) and the file should be like this (You can leave email field blank as long as you have another social, but **DON'T REMOVE THE FIELD**.):
```

```json
{
  "owner": {

>     "username": "insertusername",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "username": "insert-github-username-here",
```

    "email": ""

>     "discord": "insertdiscordid"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "discord": "insert-discord-user-ID-here"
```

  },
  "record": {

>     "TXT": "inserttxtstring"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "TXT": "insert-TXT-string-you-got-from-vercel-here"
```

  }
}
```

> **DON'T MAKE A PR YET**, we still have to make another file. If you were to make a PR until this point, we will reject your domain since you are trying to make a nested subdomain on a subdomain you don't own yet. Please go to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***DON'T MAKE A PULL REQUEST YET***, we still have to make another file. If you were to make a pull request at this point, we would reject your domain since you are trying to make a nested subdomain on a subdomain you don't own yet. Please proceed to the next step.
```

2. Make a file for the main domain.
Now you need to make a file for the main domain, we have 2 ways to do it: CNAME and A records. We'll have 2 different files for these and explain what restricions or stuff you need to do.

Make `subdomain.json` in the **domains directory** (replace subdomain with the domain you want of course) and put in the file one of these types:

**CNAME record**: If you are using CNAME record you don't have to give a preview as you are using the site as the CNAME, but you can't use other record. (Like MX and TXT records)
```json
{
  "owner": {

>     "username": "insertusername",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "username": "insert-github-username-here",
```

    "email": "",

>     "discord": "insertdiscordid"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "discord": "insert-discord-user-ID-here"
```

  },
  "record": {
    "CNAME": "domainname.vercel.app"
  }
}
```
**A record**: If you are using A record, you would need to give a preview either a link via the comment of the PR or put it in the description, or you can give a screenshot of your website.
```json
{
  "owner": {

>     "username": "insertusername",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "username": "insert-github-username-here",
```

    "email": "",

>     "discord": "insertdiscordid"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "discord": "insert-discord-user-ID-here"
```

> **A record**: If you are using A record, you would need to give a preview either a link via the comment of the PR or put it in the description, or you can give a screenshot of your website. **This option is ideal for those who want to use their domain for their site and email**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A record**: If you are using an A record, you would need to give a preview either by putting a link in the comment section of the PR, putting it in the description, or by providing a screenshot of your website. **This option is ideal for those who want to use their domain for their site and email**.
```

  },
  "record": {
    "A": ["76.76.21.21"]
  }
}
```

> ## Make your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Make your pull request.
```

> After you have made these 2 files, you can now make a PR (Pull Request) to the main repo. Then you will have to be patient until it gets merged. If you want a chance to get your PR merged faster then join our [discord server!](https://discord.gg/is-a-dev-830872854677422150)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have made these two files, you can now make a pull request to the [main repo](https://github.com/is-a-dev/register). Then you will have to be patient until it gets merged. If you want a chance to get your PR merged faster then join our [Discord server!](https://discord.gg/is-a-dev-830872854677422150)
```

> When the PR has been merged your site should be working, if its still redirecting to the is-a.dev site clear your cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the pull request has been merged your site should be working, if its still redirecting to the is-a.dev site clear your cache.
```
